Backfill consent preferences on the Profile docs (#7827)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/privacy/consent-management/consent-in-unify.md

### Backfill consent preferences on your Profiles

If you've stored end-user consent preferences in your warehouse and would like to make them available to your Profiles, you can use [Reverse ETL](/docs/privacy/consent-management/consent-in-retl/) and [Segment Profiles](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-segment-profiles/) to extract the consent information from your warehouse and load the information into Segment. 

If you want to use end-user consent coming directly from your single source of truth, you can generate an Identify, Track, or [Segment Consent Preferences Updated](/docs/privacy/consent-management/consent-in-unify/#segment-consent-preference-updated-event) Track event to add [consent information to the `context` object](/docs/privacy/consent-management/consent-in-segment-connections/#consent-object). For more information about the requirements for data collection, see the [Configure Consent Management](/docs/privacy/consent-management/configure-consent-management/#step-2-integrating-your-cmp-with-segment) documentation. 

## Consent preference conflicts

> When collecting end user consent, you can occasionally capture multiple consent preferences linked to the same user, for example, from a user's cell phone browser and the web browser on their laptop (called a [device-level conflict](#device-level-conflict)) or when two distinct Unify profiles are merged together (called a [profile-level conflict](#profile-level-conflict)). 

Reviewer: this is a really long sentence. Is there a way to shorten it or break it up into multiple sentences?

> When collecting end user consent, you can occasionally capture multiple consent preferences linked to the same user, for example, from a user's cell phone browser and the web browser on their laptop (called a [device-level conflict](#device-level-conflict)) or when two distinct Unify profiles are merged together (called a [profile-level conflict](#profile-level-conflict)). 

Author: ```suggestion
When collecting end user consent, you can occasionally capture multiple consent preferences linked to the same user. For example, you might collect consent from a user's cell phone browser and the web browser on their laptop (called a [device-level conflict](#device-level-conflict)) or merge two distinct Unify profiles together (called a [profile-level conflict](#profile-level-conflict)). 
```
